My job takes me to a lot of places.
It's got its downsides.
I sleep alone. I eat alone.
I'm used to it, though.
I'd like to meet someone,
but it's tough when you live out of a suitcase.
I go where I'm told, do what I'm told.
I shouldn't complain. The work is steady.
The money's good.
But it's not for everyone.
My name's Joe.
This is what I do.
You're late.
Sorry, Mr London.
They closed Chekhov Bridge.
You're leaving?
I need the phone.
Um... I can help with the bags.
No, I can handle it.
If you ever come back, I can...
I can use the money. Do svidaniya.
Goodbye.
I was taught four rules.
One - don't ask questions.
There is no such thing as right and wrong.
Two - don't take an interest
in people outside of work.
There is no such thing as trust.
Three - erase every trace.
Come anonymous
and leave nothing behind.
Four - know when to get out.
Just thinking about it means it's time.
Before you lose your edge.
Before you become a target.
So you look for the right opportunity.
Nothing too risky.
Get the money and disappear forever.
This is it. Four hits, one location.
The last job.
Purpose of your visit to Bangkok,
Mr Vincent?
Holiday.
Bangkok. It's corrupt, dirty and dense.
All my clients have one thing in common.
They feed off the people.
There's big money in misery.
Where there's money, there's competition.
And the guy paying me usually wins.
It always starts the same way.
Just like I was taught.
Secure a safe location. Somewhere off
the beaten path where you have privacy.
But you stay invisible too long, the human
race starts to look like another species.
So you venture out, you observe,
and then you return
to your invisible world, like a ghost.
- Hey, Larry.
- Yeah?
Check these out.
- Check out these girls.
- What's up?
Hello, gentlemen.
How are you? First time in Bangkok?
Rolex? Good one. If you want.
Yeah, yeah. Look. Good Rolex.
How much you want to bet
it's counterfeit?
- 2,000. It looks good.
- No, thanks.
No, no. No Rolex? Never mind. Never
mind. You want girls? I can get you girls.
- How about boys? You like boys?
- No!
You don't like boys, no?
Hey, how about you, huh, cowboy?
5,000 baht, new-car smell,
satisfaction money back.
Super-rubber-pussy guarantee. Whatever
happens in Bangkok stays in Bangkok.
You wanna find garbage?
Go to a garbage dump.
I look for three qualifications.
They have to speak a little English,
they have to want to make money, and,
above all, they have to be disposable.
You wanna make some money?
I have work in town. I need some help.
- What work?
- Pick things up, drop things off.
Maybe some translation.
About a month's work. 2,000 a day.
- Dollars?
- Baht.
Bullshit.
5,000, huh? 4500?
4,000.
2,952.50. What do you say? Come on.
We'll round up. 3,000.
You get paid at the end of the week.
No deal. OK, OK. How about
half now, half at the end ofthe week?
- What's your name?
- Kong.
Kong?
You can keep that in the wallet you stole.
Be at 21 Sama Han Road tomorrow, 7pm.
You come alone, or you don't get paid.
Yes, boss.
- Take offthe shades.
- Huh?
Glasses. Off.
Keep that with you at all times.
- I have good phone.
- Now you have two.
You answer whenever it rings. If I call
and you don't answer, you don't get paid.
Time is very important.
If I tell you to be somewhere
and you are a minute late,
you don't get paid.
Do you understand?
ln English.
I understand!
- You know the Caribbean Club?
- High-class ass.
Ask for a dancer named Aom.
You give her this.
Make sure the X is facing up like this.
She's gonna give you a package.
Don't open it.
- What's in it?
- It doesn't concern you.
Then you go pick it up.
- I'll find someone else.
- OK, OK, OK. I do it. I do it. I do it.
Come straight back here.
You don't stop for anything.
What if I have to piss? Huh?
If you ask me one more question...
Then I won't get paid. I know that.
- OK, I go now.
- Hey.
Take the cellphone.
- You late, huh?
- Gimme the case.
- You don't get paid for today.
- Why not?
- You ran from the police.
- You said not to stop. I do what you said.
Don't stop.
No stop for nothing, not even for piss.
From now on,
I don't want any more police.
You understand?
The human face can mislead
in a thousand different ways.
But the eyes never change.
I was taught to start with the eyes.
I'm Kong.
Wait, wait, wait.
The elephant.
The nose, you see? Pointing down?
Bad luck. No good.
- Bad luck for you.
- Good night.
Yeah, I'm checking on a wire transfer.
Account code 6-5-1-4-3-4-6.
Thank you.
Hello. Um...
I have a... a cut,
and I need some medicine,
disinfectant.
Do you speak English?
How many?
One?
ln the morning? ln the morning.
One...
before bed.
250 baht, sir.
Thank you.
I have it.
- You're late.
- I'm sorry, boss.
Don't be sorry. Be on time.
What happened to your face?
Some assholes tried to mug me.
Like, 20 of them.
But I kicked their asses.
I'm so sorry, boss.
So sorry. Th-they take...
It's been opened.
N-not me. It's them. They broke it.
But I wouldn't let them have it.
I got it back for you.
I don't let them have it.
There's a beer in the refrigerator.
It'll take down the swelling.
Yes, boss.
- He's a bad man.
- Who?
The man in the case.
You're going to kill him?
- Can you teach me?
- Teach you what?
Everything.
I can help you.
Please?
Show me.
Agh!
Again.
Good.
Argh!
That was your first lesson.
Why didn't I kill him?
Maybe it's because -
and this is strange -
somehow, when I looked into his eyes,
I saw myself.
So I became his teacher.
The best way to defend yourself is to
know when something's about to happen.
So you have to learn
to read your surroundings.
See that man in the red jacket?
What man?
Agh!
You're living in a city of mirrors.
Store windows, glass office buildings,
polished steel.
Eyes in the back ofyour head.
Ah!
Eyes at the back of my head, boss, huh?
I got you now, boss.
- I'm not your boss. I'm your teacher.
- So I call you...
- How is he bad?
- This man?
He hurts many country girls.
From the North.
He buys them from their parents,
and sells them.
Young girls, man.
Same thing like devil, huh, this guy.
How many people have you killed?
I don't think about that.
Do the police know who you are?
No one knows who I am.
No one knows where I am.
I know.
- How many jobs in Bangkok?
- Four.
Four.
Two left, huh?
Uh...
Um... I...
Um...
C-can you help me? Could you tell her
that I wanna take her to dinner?
Oh! Right.
It's, uh, hot.
That's just...
Just eat it?
It's cooling it down.
It's hot again. It's really hot.
The whole thing.
Yeah, that's better.
You don't pull the trigger.
Squeeze it.
- It's yours.
- Wh...?
Congratulations.
Where? Where?
OK.
- Boss?
- Yeah.
I just left the club.
I think somebody's following me.
Be at the Chao Phraya ferry station
in 20 minutes.
- OK, boss.
- Wait for my call.
Done, boss.
OK, listen carefully.
Open the case. 65, 32, 15.
Put the cellphone in the case,
and leave it.
Got it.
The case has returned.
- Yes.
- Put your boss on.
Yes.
We had an arrangement. If I see
your people again, I'll kill your wife.
We'll try again.
Uh... wh-what is your work?
Oh... uh...
Banking.
B... banker?
- Banker, yes.
- Banker?
Rain.
ls you? Your name means rain?
This... is your name.
- Bad man?
- Bad for somebody.
Floating market?
Where's Damnoen Saduak?
Ratchaburi Province.
Hour and a half by car.
Get some sleep.
We leave early.
Dock the boat up on the right.
Hat. Hat.
Beautiful hat. Come. Come.
You. You. You want hat? Want hat?
Hey, mister, you buy something?
Get us outta here. Get us out.
Dock the boat on the left.
Come on. Faster. Hurry up.
- Boss...
- Get me over there!
Fuck!
Oh! No!
Take it to the club.
- He's same like you, you know?
- Who?
This guy, in TV.
He fight bad guys and helps the poor.
Thai people love him.
He's a very good man.
Same like you.
Four - know when it's time to get out.
Three - erase every trace.
Boss!
Two - don't take an interest
in people outside of work.
One - don't ask questions.
He's a very good man.
Same like you.
Political assassination
wasn't in the contract.
So there are two ways to go.
Refuse the job and walk away now,
or do the job and walk away rich.
The truth is almost anyone
can take out a politician.
That's not the hard part.
The hard part is getting away with it.
Oh!
Kong.
Be here tomorrow at 6pm.
- Lastjob?
- Yeah.
- Bad man?
- Bad for somebody.
See you tomorrow, boss.
Oh!
Aom!
Kong!
He fight bad guys
and helps the poor.
Thai people love him.
When the nightmare becomes real,
you don't hesitate. You don't think.
You just run.
Anyone in the way goes down.
It's pretty simple. You're the target now.
Leave the country, or you're going to die.
Why the fuck you care?
He's my student.
..which direction everybody's running, but
they seem to be running away from any...
Argh!
Kong...
I had to tell them.
Take her to the street.
I cleared a way.
I got one more job.
Surat?
He's very bad.